[16.0][MIG] stock_picking_batch_creation (#534)
OCA/wms: stock_picking_batch_creation/README.rst

   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fwms-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/wms/tree/16/stock_picking_batch_creation
    :alt: OCA/wms
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/wms-16/wms-16-stock_picking_batch_creation
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/285/16
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

Odoo allows you to create batches of pickings by hand or automatically by
specifying some criteria on the picking type definition.

> The approach in this addon is slightly different. Id doesn't depend on the

Reviewer: typo
```suggestion
The approach in this addon is slightly different. It doesn't depend on the
```

* The maximum volume that can be handled by the device
* The number of bins/compartments available on the device

In addition to these criteria, 2 others criteria can be defined that will
be evaluated to select the appropriate device type a the start of the
batch creation process if more than one device type is available:

* A minimum picking volume to consider the device type,
* A sequence to define the order in which the device type will be
  considered.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

First of all, you need to create your stock device type. To do so, go to the
*Inventory -> Configuration -> Stock Device Types* menu.

Once it's done, you can start creating your picking batches.

To launch the device, go to the *Inventory -> Operations -> Make Picking Batch*
menu.

The *Make Picking Batch* window will open and allows you to specify your criteria
for the batch creation. When all your criteria are set, click on the
*Create Batch Picking* and lets the magic happen. A new window will open with
the created batch picking.

Behind the scene
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The creation of the picking batch is done in 3 steps:

> 1. We search for a picking ready to be processed and that fit to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. We search for a picking ready to be processed and that fits the
```

   criteria specified in the wizard.
2. We determine the device to use for this first picking.
3. While the defined limits are not reached, we look for one picking at a

>    time that is ready to be processed and that fit the new criteria. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   time that is ready to be processed and that fits the new criteria. The
```

   new criteria are computed at each loop iteration to take into account
   the pickings already into the batch.

When we look for a picking ready to be processed, we look for a picking
that is in state "Assigned" or "Partially Available" with a picking type
into the list of picking types defined in the wizard and not yet in a batch.

At step 1, we add to theses conditions on the pickings, a list of alternatives
conditions to restrict the search to pickings that can be handled by the device
types defined in the wizard. (A first search is done to try to find a picking
for the given user and which is printed and if not found, we search for pickings
not linked to a user and which are not printed).

At step2, since the first step will return a picking that can be handled by
any of the device types specified, we process the list of device one by one
in the order defined by the sequence field and we stop at the first device
that can handle the picking.

At step 3, now that we have a picking and a device, we have all the information
to refine the search for the next picking to the volume, weight and number of

> lines remaining in the batch. While there is still some bins available and
> in the batch and the search returns result, we look for a picking that fit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lines remaining in the batch. While there are still some bins available and
?? in the batch and the search returns result, we look for a picking that fits
```
